Led analytics supporting Tesco Clubcard personalized communications, delivering targeted offers to more than nine million customers while measuring campaign effectiveness and incremental customer engagement."
Led analytics for Tesco's Clubcard Statement program, delivering personalized offers to more than nine million customers and measuring resulting changes in sales, engagement, and customer behavior.
Led analytics for Tesco Clubcard's quarterly "Statement" mailing program, delivering personalized offers to more than nine million shoppers and measuring resulting changes in purchasing behavior, engagement, and sales performance.
Led analytics for Tesco's Clubcard "Statement" mailing program, delivering personalized coupons to over nine million customers four times per year and measuring resulting changes in sales and engagement.
-----
Contributed to the development of the ""Lifestyles"" customer segmentation framework, using purchasing behavior to create more individualized customer profiles than traditional demographic approaches."
Contributed to the development of the "Lifestyles" segmentation, a foundational customer intelligence capability built from granular transaction data used to personalize marketing and better understand customer behavior.
-----
Created data visualizations and reporting solutions supporting the launch of dunnhumby Retail, a new analytics offering for consumer packaged goods manufacturers."
Designed reusable product analytics and visualizations supporting the launch of dunnhumby Retail, a new product offering to provide analytical insights to CPG manufacturers.
-----
Supported several new client engagements with exploratory analysis, segmentation, and campaign targeting."
Contributed to new client initiatives across sectors including online retail and financial services, including exploratory analysis, customer segmentation and campaign targeting and evaluation.
-----
Provided insights, metrics and geospatial analysis to support diagnosis of individual stores viewed as underperforming, helping Tesco to prioritize specific areas for improvement."
