Description

The Kroger Senior Sales Insights Manager will be responsible for identifying business needs and developing data-driven solutions that support strategic decision making. This role leads the execution of complex projects, casting vision, forecasting and seeking new solutions. The Kroger Senior Sales Insights Manager will also provide additional retail context at the category, retailer, and industry levels to supplement insights and broaden clients’ understanding of key sales drivers and risks to the business.



Our approach to client service is grounded in our values. To deliver exceptional excellence for our clients with Kroger, we do require that this role is based in Cincinnati, OH. If you are applying but do not currently reside in this area, please note that Harvest Group does not cover relocation.



Requirements

2-4 years of hands-on consumer packaged goods experience working on a Kroger and/or 84.51 account
Experience in successfully managing a direct report(s)
Experience synthesizing raw data from Market 6, Stratum, Circana, and/or Nielsen to develop actionable insights
Strong analytical skills (ex. collecting, organizing, analyzing, and disseminating large datasets with accuracy)
Strong presentation skills (ex. ability to tell insightful stories through data visualizations)
Experience creatively and proactively solving problems as an individual and team player
Radical curiosity of retail and the constant changing marketplace
Detail-oriented with an ability to juggle multiple projects in a fast-paced environment
Proven ownership mindset
Mastery in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Excellent written, verbal, and visual communication skills
Willingness to travel


 Preferred:

Experience using Tableau, Power BI, and other visualization software tools
Prior forecasting experience


Our heart at Harvest is to provide and maintain a work environment that fosters diversity, inclusivity, authenticity, mutual respect, professionalism, and growth. Harvest Group is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, age, marital status, familial status, national origin, ancestry, disability or handicap, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws.



We encourage all interested candidates to apply.